This is the official manual of the application.
Here we will analyze any functionality inside the app.
Every step will be guided by popups, in case you are doing something wrong, so don't be worried.
Everything that you will do will be automatically saved, so that you will never worry about consciously saving
something yourself.
You will always be able to go back, if you decide for whatever reason that you don't want to go on in whatever action
you are doing with the program.

The landing page:
    Here you can select between selecting an existing encrypted database, creating a new one, or removing an existing
    one.

The selection page:
    Here you can select between a list of existing databases, the one that you want to interact with.
    Once you choose one, you have to insert the correct password to open it and to interact with it.

The creation page:
    Here you can create a new database.
    You have to choose a name for it, and a password (the confirmation password field is there to make sure that
    you are well aware of the password you are using).

The remove page:
    Here you can select between a list of existing databases, the one that you want to remove.
    Once you choose one, you have to insert the correct password to remove it.

The home page:
    Here is the page were the magic happens.
    Once you firstly you access here, the central part will be empty (that's because nothing is inside the database).

    # Managing items:
    ## Add a new item:
        To add a new item click on the add button (the button with the + sign, in the upper right side of the home
        page), and in the menu that will be showed to you, you can select between the five types at your disposals.
        Once you clicked on one of them, you can start to insert values inside the fields. Once you finish click
        on the create button, and you will be moved to the home page, where the new item will be showed in the
        middle section.
    ## Edit an existing item:
        In the middle section of you landing page you will find all the items you have created. You can click on the
        edit button (the one with the pencil and the notepad), to edit the specific item you selected.
        Once you clicked on one of them, you can start to insert values inside the fields. Once you finish click
        on the edit button, and you will be moved to the home page, where the old item will obviously no more be
        showed.
    ## Watch an existing item:
        In the middle section of you landing page you will find all the items you have created. You can click on the
        watch button (the one with the eye), to watch the specific item you selected.
    ## Remove an existing item:
        In the middle section of you landing page you will find all the items you have created. You can click on the
        remove button (the one with the trash bin, on a red background), to remove the specific item you selected.

    # Filtering items:
        You can filter the list of items in the main section in two different ways:
            1. The search box: you can simply type inside the search box, to filter the items in the middle section
                               based on the names (the identifiers in uppercase);
            2. The type filtering buttons: you can simply click on the buttons in the lower section of the home page
                                           to filter the items in the middle section, based on the types of the items;
            2. See all items: you can find a button called "all" in the upper left section of the home page, where
                              clicking it will result in cleaning all the filters.


